Privacy Policy for Renne, which is a Discord Bot currently operating as a Guild Tracker Bot for the Discord Server: Gacha Metaverse
Effective Date: June 29, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes how the Guild Tracker Bot (Renne) collects, uses, and stores information. 
Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to being transparent about our data practices. 
By using the Bot, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

1. Information We Collect
The Bot is designed to be functional while collecting the minimum amount of data necessary. 
The data we collect and process includes:

Server (Guild) Information (from Gacha Metaverse):
Server ID: To identify the specific Discord server where the Bot is operating (which is currently Gacha Metaverse)

Role IDs: IDs for member, leader, and waiting list roles for Gacha Metaverse as configured by the Gacha Metaverse server administrators.

Channel IDs: IDs for the main status channel on Gacha Metaverse, notification channels on Gacha Metaverse, and private guild channel,
and categories on Gacha Metaverse, as configured by Gacha Metaverse server administrators.

Gacha Metaverse Discord User Information:
User ID: By being a member of Gacha Metaverse, we use your Discord User ID to manage your roles 
(e.g., adding you to a waiting list or guild) and to associate you with your In-Game Name (IGN).

In-Game Names (IGNs): The Bot (Renne) stores the IGNs that you or a guild leader, or administrator sets, which is then linked to your Discord User ID.
This is not saved locally, and only within the Bot's (Renne's) cache, and is stored until the Bot (Renne) either goes offline,
restarts, or has a significant status changed that may clear this data.

Vice Leader Status: We store the Discord User IDs of Gacha Metaverse members who are designated as Vice Leaders to grant them command permissions.

2. How We Use Your Information
The information collected is used exclusively for the core functionality of the Bot (Renne). This includes:

Displaying guild member counts.

Assigning and removing waiting list and guild roles.

Sending notifications about guild status changes.

Creating and securing private guild channels.

Enforcing permissions for commands (e.g., allowing leaders and vice leaders to manage their guild).

Displaying IGNs in guild-specific lists.

We do not use Discord Metaverse Discord Member data for analytics, advertising, or any purpose outside of the Bot's (Renne's) described features. 
We do not share your data with any third parties.
We do not save any data locally, and any data described as "saved locally" or as "saved information" that would not be cleared (on restart, etc.) within
the bot, includes, but is not limited to:
Guild Names

Guild Member Counts

Guild Member Leader User ID's

Guild Member Vice Leader User ID's

Guild Status Text (To notify Gacha Metaverse Discord Users that a Guild is Recruiting or otherwise)

Guild Member User ID's for "Waiting Roles" (roles given to Gacha Metaverse Discord Users) which are defined as Roles given to Gacha Metaverse
Discord Server members in which the bot later "pings" a specific Waiting List role if the Guild Member Counts status happens to change.

3. Data Storage and Retention
All of the data listed above, including server configurations and user-specific information like IGNs and Vice Leader status, 
is stored in the Bot's in-memory configuration while it is running, and at no point is new information, which is given by the user, to the Bot (Renne)
ever saved locally.
Upon the Bot (Renne) being restarted or shut down, all user-submitted data is no longer retained by the Bot (Renne).

This data is not permanently stored in a database. 
Data defined as "permanently stored" is available in the "How We Use Your Information" section of this Privacy Policy.
If the Bot is restarted, this information is re-initialized from its source code configuration. 
Data like assigned IGNs and Vice Leader lists will persist only as long as the Bot's process is active.
If the Bot (Renne) is no longer active, the information does not retain, and users must provide previously submitted information given to the Bot (Renne)
for the Bot (Renne) to have access to the user-specified information that was lost due to this process. 

4. Your Rights and Data Control
You have control over your data in the following ways:

You can remove yourself from a waiting list by removing your reaction or using the /waitlist command.

You can set or update your own In-Game Name using the /setign command.

Leaving a Discord server where the Bot is active will effectively remove any association the Bot has with your account on that server.

If you wish for any of your data (like your stored IGN) to be removed, you can request this from your guild leader or a server administrator, 
who can use the Bot's commands to manage this data.
If a guild leader or server administrator is not available at the time of your request, The Bot Developer (McBurn) may also remove your data 
if you so wish to do so.

5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. 
Users within the supported platform of the Bot (Renne) will be notified of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy. 
Your continued use of the Bot (Renne) after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.
Significant changes to the Privacy Policy vary, and unless there is a considerable change as determined by the Bot Developer (McBurn), 
users will not be notified of these changes, as they (almost always) would be deemed to insigifcantly impact any affected parties.
