Terms of Service for Renne, which is a Discord Bot specifically created as a Guild Tracker Bot.
A guild tracker bot and its purpose is clearly defined within this Terms of Service as expressed by the sections below this introductory, ending
at the sentence beginning with "By inviting" and ending with "these Terms", which is the sixth sentence within this terms of service.
The Effective Date of this Terms of Service is June 29, 2025.
Welcome to the Renne Bot, currently operating as a Guild Tracker bot for Gacha Metaverse. 
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of the Bot within the Discord platform and any server the Bot (Renne) primarily operates on. 
By inviting the Bot to your Discord server, using it within Gacha Metaverse, or using its commands, you agree to be bound by these Terms.


1. Description of Service
The Bot (Renne) provides tools for managing guilds within a Discord server. 
Its (the Bot; Renne) features include, but are not limited to:
Tracking member counts for specified roles within Gacha Metaverse, which is a server on the Discord platform.
Managing automated waiting lists via reactions and commands for the Gacha Metaverse server.
Creating and managing private, role-restricted channels for guilds for the Gacha Metaverse server.
Allowing guild leadership to manage members, vice leaders, and in-game names (IGNs) for the Gacha Metaverse server.
Providing notifications for guild status changes for the Gacha Metaverse server.

2. User Conduct and Responsibilities
You agree to use the Bot in compliance with the Discord Terms of Service and all applicable local, national, and international laws. 
You are responsible for all activities conducted through your account and for the configuration of the Bot on your server.
You agree not to:
Use the Bot (Renne) for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, and to primarily use it on Gacha Metaverse.
Abuse the Bot's commands, such as by spamming or attempting to cause errors.
Attempt to circumvent any security or permission checks implemented by the Bot.

3. Data and Configuration
The Bot's (Renne) functionality relies on configuration data provided by Gacha Metaverse, including Role IDs, Channel IDs, and other settings. 
The Bot (Renne) is not responsible for errors arising from incorrect configuration.
The Bot (Renne) is made for primary use on the Gacha Metaverse server, and is made to operate within the Gacha Metaverse server; by using it on other
servers not configurted for the Bot (Renne) we do not offer any support and will not configure the Bot (Renne) to work on other servers.

4. Availability and Modifications to Service
The Developer (McBurn) of the Bot (Renne) works to ensure that the Bot (Renne) is available and functional at all times. 
However, service may be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades, or unforeseen network failures. 
The Bot Developer (McBurn) reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Bot, or any of its features, at any time with or without notice.

5. Disclaimer of Warranties
The Bot (Renne) is provided "as is" and "as available" and made to operate within Gacha Metaverse.
Use on unsupported and unconfigured servers that are not Gacha Metaverse void support or warranties of any kind, express or implied. 
The Bot Developer (McBurn) does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted, error-free, or secure. 
You use the Bot at your own sole risk; which is clarified as an "as is" state, and any problems that occur are to be witheld of liability on Gacha Metaverse.
If the bot operates on another server, especially one not configured for the Bot (Renne) then liability is to be witheld as it is an unsupported platform for the Bot (Renne)
and outside the scope of its use.


6. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall the Bot's (Renne) Developer (McBurn) or affiliates (The Administration of Gacha Metaverse) be liable for any direct, indirect, 
incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the Bot or the inability to use the Bot, even 
if advised of the possibility of such damages.

7. Termination
The Bot Developer (McBurn) reserves the right to terminate your access to the Bot, without any notice, for any violation of these Terms or the 
Discord Terms of Service. 
These terms and conditions are subject to change, and the Bot (Renne) Developer (McBurn) may withdraw your access at any
time for any reason while your usage of the Bot (Renne) continues or well after your use of the Bot (Renne).
This may include blocking the Bot from operating on your server.
The only server or platform the bot is supported and configured on is the Gacha Metaverse Server on the Discord Platform.

8. Changes to Terms
These Terms and Conditions may update from time to time. 
Users within the supported platform of the Bot (Renne) will be notified of any significant changes to these Terms of Service. 
Your continued use of the Bot (Renne) after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms.
Significant changes to the Terms of Service vary, and unless there is a considerable change, users will not be notified of these changes.


9. Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms, the only point of contact is the Discord User "McBurn" on the Gacha Metaverse Discord Server.
You may reach the Gacha Metaverse Discord Server by using the Server Discovery feature from within the Discord Platform, or by following this link:
https://discord.gg/gachametaverse
The Discord Platform requires a registered account on its platform to access the Gacha Metaverse Discord Server.
